hi friends today a son sunday and we are
going where guys yeah and what are you
wearing on your head cupcake it's a
pirate bandana yeah baby what are they
gonna say Lou your clue that's what
they're gonna say no yes preschoolers
are mean to big kids yeah like no I've
always thought that sometimes like
toddlers I like one time toddlers are
snotty I happened at one time at
chick-fil-a I um this topic I was
playing in the toddler's area with the
toddlers and stuff I took filet and then
so he was and then when I said Alex had
to go walked in the toddler area is like
this Tyler be enough to me like you
can't come in here we're here wit yeah
you know when huh I was well Alec is
like six now seven yessir
yeah so if you must birthday oh yeah and
then he kicks to do this how they kicked
me out and then I'm like oh I need alec
then I'll just came up me to freeze over
okay Alec and Alex um yeah and then he
was like you know it's not time to go
I'm like yeah it is done yeah I won't
tell you the hoist whole soy this is
soda getting back into a rock walk party
I do we're climbing rock wall I sign us
on the tape don't drink my starbucks is
awesome I could do this all the most of
his exercise picture Alex yeah Alex let
me see come here I didn't realize he had
it on why you got a little hot can you
turn around Wow okay we're so excited to
Alec if you could see in behind me in
the green he is then there's beautiful
Mattea he's so excited about going up
the rock wall he's doing really really
really well
let's watch up yes I see baby
Oh Alex
now you feel about the spider-man
training look at me I got you feel like
spider-man
now keep going keep going baby Lee like
it okay keep going come on look how
brave you can make it to the top ballot
top keep going you're almost there
oh my gosh I'm so impressed this should
be a bell up there
help attack
yeah push your feet against the wall
he's trying to push like spider-man's
punch squat your feet up and push
against the wall
how fun
Oh
you're good at this okay so Alec went
all the way to the top and back by
himself so impressed first time ever on
a rock what do you think mattia you
think he did a good job yeah just take
your time baby take your time not what
you're going back up no take your time
turn all the way around Alex Alex you're
a pirate okay he's going to light it
down now what did you say look at the
coolest thing ever hey so Stella you're
sort of coaching Alec Alec can you stand
next to Stella
okay so have you son how do you think
he's doing for his first time
done better than me great
I heard that you can walk you can scale
that one yeah but I'm scared too really
well he went to the top of that what is
it he'll pick that out yeah she I was
like just a different City Bank she's
like no that's cool yeah you can save up
for vacation or something thank you and
the back pig piggy bank you happy
birthday dear Alex happy birthday to you
oh my gosh ingress so that was that good
or what can you swallow it and again
drink this and it tasted a little
you coming this week I'm just doing it
already in this right baby tomorrow it's
really really sweet water sometimes its
nature oh okay that was fun guys wasn't
it that was fun going on the ropes
subscribe to you parent and watch us
explore new things every day on YouTube
I'm not away another way another way
another way another way no don't you
mess with me mommy's fast asleep when to
fed it through me another way it's
Saturday watch your cartoon another way
you can't have cereal but can't you
reach the bowl how can you not be full
don't you dare wake me up too soon